Contributing
============

Because we want Wesnoth on Steam to reach a large worldwide audience, we would
like to have store description translations available for as many languages the
Steam store supports as possible. As of this writing (April 2018), those
languages are:

English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Arabic, Bulgarian, Czech, Danish,
Dutch, Finnish, Greek, Hungarian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian, Polish,
Portuguese, Portuguese (Brazil), Romanian, Russian, Simplified Chinese,
Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, and Ukranian.

The developers team can only provide the English version of the descriptions,
so we rely on community volunteers for translating them as with the main game
translations.

To get started, browse to the [`po/` directory][1], click on the file for your
translation, and then choose the Raw option and save the resulting file to disk
and open it with your translation editor of choice.

  [1]: <https://github.com/wesnoth/steam-meta/tree/master/po>

**NOTE:**

Because this repository is a crucial part of the Battle for Wesnoth Project,
only translations from established translation team maintainers will be
accepted. See [WesnothTranslations][2] and [WesnothTranslationsHowTo][3] on the
Wesnoth wiki for more information on how to contact your translation team
maintainer or become one yourself.

  [2]: <https://wiki.wesnoth.org/WesnothTranslations>
  [3]: <https://wiki.wesnoth.org/WesnothTranslationsHowTo>


Submitting translations via email
---------------------------------

You can send translation updates directly to the maintainer of this repository,
shadowm/shikadiqueen (`Iris Morelle <shadowm2006@gmail.com`). Make sure to
use the original filename intended for the catalogue once added to the
repository (e.g. `es.po`, `zh_CN.po`).


Submitting translations via issue tickets
-----------------------------------------

Alternatively, you can file a new [issue][4] with the updated translation
catalogue attached as a zip file. Make sure to keep the original filename for
the catalogue as explained above.

  [4]: <https://github.com/wesnoth/steam-meta/issues>


Submitting translations via pull requests
-----------------------------------------

Alternatively, you can file a [pull request][5]. These cannot be automatically
merged into the repository so they are **not recommended**.

  [5]: <https://github.com/wesnoth/steam-meta/pulls>
